Q: Looking at the backtrace output, which function called syscall?
A: That is usertrap () called syscall().

Q: What is the value of p->trapframe->a7 and what does that value represent?
A: the value of p->trapframe->a7 is 0x7, this represents the syscall no. of the caller wanna call.

Q: What was the previous mode that the CPU was in?
A: Since this syscall was called by usertrap(), which checked the previous user mode thus the previous mode was exactly user mode.

Q: Write down the assembly instruction the kernel is panicing at. Which register corresponds to the variable num?
A: The kernel was panicing at instruction
   80001c82:	00002683          	lw	a3,0(zero) # 0 <_entry-0x80000000>
   where register %a3 corresponds to the variable num. 

Q: Why does the kernel crash? Hint: look at figure 3-3 in the text; is address 0 mapped in the kernel address space? Is that confirmed by the value in scause above?
A: The value of scause (0xd) indicates the trap was caused by an Instruction page fault. The reason is that virtual memory has been initialized here then the address 0 is not in the the kernel address space. 
   When the kernel try to access the address 0 and that triggered a page fault, but then the kernel cannot find the mapped physical address for the address 0. 

Q: What is the name of the process that was running when the kernel paniced? What is its process id (pid)?
A: Process name is initcode. process id is 1.

Q: user/secret.c copies the secret bytes to memory whose address is 32 bytes after the start of a page. Change the 32 to 0 and you should see that your attack doesn't work anymore; why not?
A: The reason is, the kernel use a free list to manage free physical memory, then when previous process free its memory, the kernel writes the first 8-byte to save the address of free list node.(see kernel/kalloc.c) 
   As a result, all data which was wrotten by user in the first 8-byte of a page will be overwrotten destructively by the kernel.
   To verify this, I modified the writing offset in secret.c to 8 and modify corresponding macro in attack.c, attacktest still worked.